New stubs for client apps platform documentation (#7478)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/platforms/client-apps/_index.md

---

> title: Client-Side Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Client-side Apps
```

---

Instrumentation for apps running on end-user devices like phones and desktop

> commuters require additional attention, even for folks familiar with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
computers require additional attention, even for folks familiar with
```

> OpenTelemetry. The content in this section outlines best practices for using
> OpenTelemetry in these types of environments to maximize the utility of the
> collected telemetry and avoid pitfalls that are non-obvious for those who are
> just starting out with OTel on these platforms.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit long. How about we break it up?

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry (OTel). The content in this section outlines best practices for using
OTel in these types of environments. Learn how to maximize the utility of collected telemetry and avoid pitfalls if you're new to OTel on these platforms.
```
